Requirements:
Our application will have following features:
1. The application has 2 running modes: Admin mode, Normal mode.
	- When runs, the application will show a menu which user can choose Admin mode or Normal
	mode.
	- After user chose a mode, an appropriate menu will be showed.
	
2. Admin Mode:
	- The system has only 1 account for administrator with default password is 12345678. This default
	password is secured and only the administrator knows it.
	- In Admin mode, the administrator can do following actions:
	o Change Admin password.
	o Add employees who has 3 items: Employee ID, full name, basic salary (how many VND per hour). When the employee input ends, save these employees to data file.
	Note: To avoid duplication for Employee ID, the application will automatically generate the Employee ID when admin user input information for employees.
	o View information of all employees (Employee ID, full name, basic salary).
	o View working time of a specified employee.
	o Calculate salary for all employees. The salary is calculated as below rules:
		+ Formula: Salary = basic salary * actual working time.
		+ Each day, if check-in time is over 30 minutes late, that day salary minus 20,000 VND. This is call punished money.
		+ Each day, if check-out time is over 30 minutes early, that day salary minus 20,000 VND. This is call punished money.
		+ If the working time is longer than the requested time, salary doesn’t plus. For
		example: basic salary is: 110,000 VND/h; requested time (in month) is: 184 hours
		=> salary = 20,240,000 VND. If actual working time is 200 hours, salary is still 20,240,000 VND.
		
3. Normal Mode:
	- When user chooses Normal mode, a menu will be showed with 2 items: Check-in, Check-out.
	- When user chooses Check-in (for example: at morning) or Check-out (for example: atafternoon), the application requests user to input employee ID.
		After employee finishes inputting employee ID, the application will show full name of theemployee and wait for confirmation from employee.
		If the employee confirms, the application automatically gets current time and add to the item
		“Check-in time” or “Check-out time” respectively of this employee and save to data file.
	- After saved check-in or check-out time for an employee, the application will return to the menu of
		Normal mode which shows 2 items Check-in and Check-out, so that other employee can choose
		conveniently.C Fundamental Issue/Revision: 1.0
		
4. Others:
	- The admin password should be encrypted before save to data file. For simple implementation, use the below encryption algorithm (2 steps only):
		+ Step 1: Reverse all characters of the input password.
		+ Step 2: Each character plus 24.
	- Full name of employee has maximum length is 24 characters.
	- Check-in and check-out time is counted in minutes.